Fuck. A good fucking composition is the result of a hierarchy consisting of clearly contrasting elements set with distinct alignments containing irregular intervals of negative space. Design is all about fucking relationships—the relationship of form and content, the relationship of elements, the relationship of designer and user. Learn from fucking criticism. Nothing of value comes to you without fucking working at it. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Practice won’t get you anywhere if you mindlessly fucking practice the same thing. Change only occurs when you work deliberately with purpose toward a goal. If you fucking give up, you will achieve nothing. To go partway is easy, but mastering anything requires hard fucking work. Saul Bass on failure: Failure is built into creativity… the creative act involves this element of ‘newness’ and ‘experimentalism,’ then one must expect and accept the fucking possibility of failure. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Widows and orphans are terrible fucking tragedies, both in real life and definitely in typography. The graphic designer’s first fucking consideration is always the size and shape of the format, whether for the printed page or for digital display. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. The details are not the details. They make the fucking design. Respect your fucking craft. Use your fucking hands. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. Think about all the fucking possibilities. You are not your fucking work. Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. While having drinks with Tibor Kalman one night, he told me, “When you make something no one hates, no one fucking loves it.” You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. When you design, you have to draw on your own fucking life experiences. If it’s not something you would want to read/look at/use then why fucking bother? This design is fucking brilliant. Paul Rand once said, “The public is more familiar with bad fucking design than good design. It is, in effect, conditioned to prefer bad design, because that is what it lives with. The new becomes threatening, the old reassuring.” Sometimes it is appropriate to place various typographic elements on the outside of the fucking left margin of text to maintain a strong vertical axis. This practice is referred to as exdenting and is most often used with bullets and quotations. If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? Form follows fucking function. To surpass others is fucking tough, if you only do as you are told you don’t have it in you to succeed. Never let your guard down by thinking you’re fucking good enough. Someday is not a fucking day of the week. Remember it’s called the creative process, it’s not the creative fucking moment. You won’t get good at anything by doing it a lot fucking aimlessly. Must-do is a good fucking master. Your rapidograph pens are fucking dried up, the x-acto blades in your bag are rusty, and your mind is dull. Stop clicking your mouse, get messy, go back to the basics and make something fucking original. Intuition is fucking important. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself. What’s important is the fucking drive to see a project through no matter what. Dedicate yourself to lifelong fucking learning. Don’t get hung up on things that don’t fucking work. Fuck. A good fucking composition is the result of a hierarchy consisting of clearly contrasting elements set with distinct alignments containing irregular intervals of negative space. Design is all about fucking relationships—the relationship of form and content, the relationship of elements, the relationship of designer and user. Learn from fucking criticism. Nothing of value comes to you without fucking working at it. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Practice won’t get you anywhere if you mindlessly fucking practice the same thing. Change only occurs when you work deliberately with purpose toward a goal. If you fucking give up, you will achieve nothing. To go partway is easy, but mastering anything requires hard fucking work. Saul Bass on failure: Failure is built into creativity… the creative act involves this element of ‘newness’ and ‘experimentalism,’ then one must expect and accept the fucking possibility of failure. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Widows and orphans are terrible fucking

tragedies, both in real life and definitely in typography. The graphic designer’s first fucking consideration is always the size and shape of the format, whether for the printed page or for digital display. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. The details are not the details. They make the fucking design. Respect your fucking craft. Use your fucking hands. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. Think about all the fucking possibilities. You are not your fucking work. Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. While having drinks with Tibor Kalman one night, he told me, “When you make something no one hates, no one fucking loves it.” You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. When you design, you have to draw on your own fucking life experiences. If it’s not something you would want to read/look at/use
